In this lesson, we learned what stream processing and
a streaming data store are and how they work.
We saw how we would use these tools in
industry and what problems they would solve for us.
We compared and contrasted stream processing with batch processing,
learned how they were different but also how they're complimentary to each other.
We learned what an event is,
why streaming data stores are typically immutable,
and then we saw how Apache Cassandra and Apache Kafka implement log structure storage.
Beyond that, we also saw how Apache Kafka can be used from
the command line via CLI tools or via the confluent Kafka Python library.
In the next lesson, we're going to learn much more about Kafka and see how
we can configure it for each specific situation that we need to run it in.